New: Discord linking (#63)
FalixNodes-Software/KB-articles: content/_posts/falix/account/2025-05-08-link-discord.md

---
layout: post
title: "How To Link Your Falix Account To Discord"
category: Account
tags: General
permalink: falix/account/general/link-discord
description: "Learn how to link your account to discord."
keywords:
author: TWIXhunter
---

Linking your Discord account to your Falix account makes it easier for our support team to quickly identify and assist with your server issues. It also acts as a secure backup login method in case you lose access to your primary login option.

### Linking your account

1. Login to the [Dashboard] (https://client.falixnodes.net/).

2. In the navigation menu, open the "Account" category and navigate to [settings](https://client.falixnodes.net/profile/settings).

> 3. Under the "Discord" category, click the "Link Discord" button.
> 
> > If you already have another discord account linked, unlink it first by clicking "unlink discord".
> 
> 4. Make sure the correct discord account is selected or log in to your account.
> 
> 5. Scroll down and press "authorize".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Under the “Discord” section, click the “Link Discord” button.

    > If you already have another Discord account linked, click “Unlink Discord” first to remove it.

4. Ensure the correct Discord account is selected, or log in to the one you want to link.

5. Scroll down and click “Authorize” to grant the necessary permissions.
```

> 6. Complete any additional verification if necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Complete any additional verification steps if prompted.
```
